So let's extend the section this week.
Anguish are going great.
Leakin speed right.
So we can see better the they shot the man in the glasses with this Jasus.
So that says something like features with icons.
So for example you can see that we have a long feature of wreckin.
We're going to use this as a bad unselected.
And again if you open my style guide of the color.
I went to use this as a background color I use background color say these and below and then you would
see something really nice.
So you can see that this is the kind of fool with these glasses that have glows fears.
And then we open them then at least call for food.
We have something like these.
So that's something really nice.
If you want to use this technique in other themes make sure that you check the closing and opening box.
Otherwise when may I ask you to design if you don't open and close.
They excite Debes the Union.
And so the classis the closet is really really important.
So let's continue working and then I'm going out home features and then we're going to use the selector
of these called.
So we're going to do something really nice.
We're going to find a play.
But when I use flex and then we're going to like slow we're going to use flex flow and we're going to
use wrapper.
So what we want to use fluxbox to align these are exactly what we need are low
and you can see each of these is the stack next to the other one that's nice and when you're working
with flex you need to add severa graphic sex seems flexibles is not fully supported in all the browsers
or the support is really different from browser to browser.
We need to add something else.
Sort of play.
Some call some browsers require that these has Webcke Bogues.
And so you can copy these in space all that is required of these has fled where Keith Lex or they are
required of these sites in mass
in Flake's books.
Then we have this play Flexo you can see we have for the friend this place and then our flex.
So again flex flow we need to have four of them and the first one is going to be Webcke baulks Orient.
Second one is going to be web get baulks direction
and what it did when is wept.
Flake's flow.
And then we have also a mass flux flow.
That's not something that we need.
When you are working with Flexo looks and then we're going to have this call for maybe this co-features
bage race.
What we're going to have columns for.
So you can see how codons for you.
And in this case I'm going either way with 100 percent.
This is going to be for the mobile devices.
What are going to change the color to white sort of when I use a lot of ifs.
When you do that seeks at least doing what I want to thinks a line it's going to be centered on the
decks so you can say these and reload and they can with 100 percent but you can see that color is white
and looking nice.
And what are going to add these inside I mean equity social media on the screen and mean with forehanded
and maybe Beezus
what are going to be the selector
and again what are going to be these flex is and then what are going to change with the the 3.3 percent
save these and reload.
So now you can see is looking nice.
Now all of them have next to each other and they are taking that 3.2 percent.
When you seem flexible.
I mean this is Malheur right here.
They are taking 100 percent.
So we have these media Querrey looking nice.
Definitely we need to add something else.
Were going to be the selector outside of the media Aquarion going out anchor.
I die for the ink they can use font size 3M and thats what are going out there.
MADIGAN Right.
Of one im and the last piece of this is going to be the features columns for barograph and the margin
is going to be so you save these and see how this works.
And you can see now we have the bigger icons and everything is looking nice when we were on Amazon we
had to add something else race on the media Aquarium when I use just the file containing what are going
to center maybe when we can make these that he him that he and this is looking nice or just the fat
content with center of these better centering that excellence in or.
And what Amazon would need to add something is because you can see the bar at this bar he drew from
his mug and race you on the features we can add something like a body when am and Ciro Cirilo maybe
something before 3:00 3M is the nice BAEHR bigger bar.
And they went to have somebody on the bottom so are another Madigan board on when relo my a you can
cover a lot of separation you can see between the banner and the rest.
So we have these when these speak receive these Gunton area you can see that we have a lot of separation
right.
That is one of the these and if they get a kid in their body you can see that we have a bunch of different
classes.
These guys are going to use Come in Canton area and I'm going out of you bought them Cyril Cirilo these
and we remove some is maybe when I can increase these Madigan bottom three so we can have some balance
maybe the same amount.
And this year maybe 2.8.
So it'll be fine.
Yes looking better.
And finally we need to give the last adjustment maybe despite going up here year going either for the
size of two AM Cirilo and maybe something as matter.
One point to him or maybe a little bigger one for him.
You're going to have the beer stack and this will force the break in a few of these up in the front
and you can see that this is working better.
It's looking great.
And Richard I'm going to
a with
low
and it is looking better.
Anything you can add up and maybe you're going to buy it right here on the left when M. by the end dryads
on one am Serino these this is looking better.
I think so for me this is my dad and soon to be the last is that you can see we can add some separation
and on the bottom.
So rationing going out.
Margin Boerum and that tomorrow morning is going to be here.
So we need to reset that value so you can see who has inspirational kittens looking nice if we make
these bigger.
We remove that Madigan ball.
So this is it for this section.
You can see this as a more complex example of something that can be done with combers you have free
shipping in a lot of secure payments Cortona refunds in every all of the.
So the next step for these and we need to add some block post is going to be this section right that
we have here the latest from the blog.
We're going to see.
Or you can I subscribe to the newsletter and then finish with the forward.
So there is a lot of work to do in the home page but this is looking really very nice.